Pardon me?
The Xu Group went bankrupt
And why would he do that?
Work with me.
I'll tell you what
Hum and you
And a man who beat his own father to the hospital
Who am I?
Oops, this is except for me
No fourth person knows the truth of that year
You can only cooperate with me.
There was no other way.
How to cooperate
This is the key to Shen Tinglan's study
Tomorrow from 3 to 4 pm.
The old man has surgery
No one's home.
I need you to get something for me
What's that?
Let you get it for me
Confidential documents of Huanyu Group
I can't do that.
Three years ago.
Your parents had a wiggle fund
Ready for Century
Nearly 80 million
But after Huaiyu Group settled in Yuncheng
The money is gone
How do you know?
Work with me.
I'll tell you all about it.
Don't blame me for being cruel